{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 Nifty \cf3 Feat\cf2 ures 0\cf3 .\cf2 5
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
A sample application showcasing two neat utility classes that let you add the\
popular "Check for Updates..." and "Send Feedback" menu items to your\
application, without having to write any code. Just instantiate the two objects\
in your MainMenu.nib, connect the menu items to their actions, specify the\
addresses and that's it.\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Features
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx226\tx632\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li220\fi-220\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5	Offers to check for new versions automatically at startup\
\'a5	Manual menu item for user-initiated update checks\
\'a5	URL for getting updates can be specified along with information about the current version.\
\'a5	Modular no-fuss implementation. Drop the files in, specify two URLs in your Localizable.strings, add a MacPAD.url file and you're all set up. And of course, you can use either class alone, if you wish.\
\'a5 Supports MacPAD files.\
\'a5	Fully localizable.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b \cf2 Six Easy Steps to set things up
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx385\tx632\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li380\fi-380\ql\qnatural
\cf2 1)	\cf0 Add UKUpdateChecker.h, UKUpdateChecker.m, UKUpdateChecker.strings, UKFeedbackProvider.h, UKFeedbackProvider.m and UKFeedbackProvider.nib to your project. UKFeedbackProvider also needs Apple's "Message.framework" library to be added to your project.\
   \
\cf2 2)	\cf0 Add three entries to your Localizable.strings:\
	\
		
\f2\fs20 "FEEDBACK_EMAIL" = "youremail@server.com";
\f1\fs24 \
	\
	This is the e-mail address to which feedback messages your users enter will be sent.\
   \
		
\f2\fs20 "FEEDBACK_SUBJECT_PREFIX" = "[Prefix you want] ";
\f1\fs24 \
	\
	This is a little prefix that will be written into the subject line of the e-mail sent to your user. You can use this to filter out feedback messages about your various applications etc.\
	\
		
\f2\fs20 "FEEDBACK_URL" = "mailto:youremail@server.com?subject=encoded%20subject";
\f1\fs24 \
	\
	This is the URL that will be opened when the user chooses the "Use my E-Mail Application" menu item (see below). Just use a mailto URL here and it'll automatically open the user's preferred E-Mail client.\
   \
\cf2 3)	\cf0 Create a MacPAD.url file and add it to your project's resources. Write the URL where the .plist file with information on the newest version can be found into that file. An example com.ulikusterer.NiftyFeatures.plist file is included.\
\
	
\fs22 If you specify the path to a folder on your server here (i.e. a path ending in a slash), it will look in that folder for a file named with the bundle identifier of your application and .plist appended (e.g. "com.ulikusterer.NiftyFeatures.plist"). This lets you have one MacPAD.url file for all your applications, and should you ever move to another server, you can simply update this one file and all your applications will use the new URL in the next release. Same applies to paths ending in an "=" sign (like "http://myserver.com/pad.cgi?name=").
\fs24 \
   \
\cf2 4)	\cf0 Open your MainMenu.plist and create two menu items in your Apple menu, in that order: "Send Feedback..." and "Check for Updates...".\
   \
\cf2 5)	\cf0 Drag the header files for UKUpdateChecker and UKFeedbackProvider into your NIB file and instantiate one instance of each.\
   \
\cf2 6)	\cf0 Connect the "Send Feedback..." menu item to the UKFeedbackProvider's orderFrontFeedbackWindow: method, and the "Check for Updates..." item to the UKUpdateChecker's checkForUpdates: method. Do *not* hook up UKUpdateChecker's outlets, unless you want to replace the default window in UKFeedbackProvider.nib with one of your own.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
That's it!\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 What's this com.ulikusterer.NiftyFeatures.plist file?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
That .plist file contains information on what constitutes the latest version of your application, and where it can be downloaded. To create one, use Apple's "Property List editor". Create a new entry with the key "productPageURL", in which you put the URL of a web page where the application can be downloaded by clicking a link, and a second one called "productVersion", where you put the version number of the newest version of the application.\
\
Then upload this file to your web server to the location you specified in the MacPAD.url file, and UKUpdateChecker will automatically download this file, extract the version number and URL and use those for the update check.\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 There are a huge number of additional keys you can add to your .plist file, which can be picked up by web sites such as http://www.macshareware.net. However, the two above are the only ones UKUpdateChecker really cares about. For a list of keys, and an application that makes creating such .plists easier, get the MacPAD SDK from <\cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://macshareware.net/sdk.html\cf0 \ulnone > or <\cf2 \ul http://macpad.sourceforge.net\cf0 \ulnone >.
\fs24 \
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Author
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
NiftyFeatures and the two classes in here were written by M. Uli Kusterer. You can reach him at:\
\
witness (dot) of (dot) teachtext (at) gmx (dot) net\
witness (at) zathras (dot) de\
witness (at) t-online (dot) de\
\
You can get new versions of this application and other neat stuff at:\
http://www.zathras.de\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 License
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
(c) 2003 by M. Uli Kusterer, Freeware. You may redistribute, modify, use in commercial products free of charge, however distributing modified copies requires that you clearly mark them as having been modified by you, while maintaining the original markings and copyrights. I don't like getting bug reports about code I wasn't involved in.\
\
I'd also appreciate if you gave credit in your app's about screen or a similar place. A simple "Thanks to M. Uli Kusterer" is quite sufficient.\
Also, I rarely turn down any postcards, gifts, complementary copies of applications etc.\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Revisions
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li1120\fi-1120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 0.5		2005-06-29\
		UKUpdateChecker now transmits a User-Agent when doing its update checks, to help you gauge the traffic your application's update checks cause on your site. Equivalent to SVN revision 129.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li1120\fi-1120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 0.4		2005-02-24\
		UKUpdateChecker now checks in a second thread for new versions. This means it won't hold up everything at startup if there isn't an internet connection. Added a few comments. Equivalent to SVN revision 84.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li1120\fi-1120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 0.3		2004-03-19\
		UKUpdateChecker now supports MacPAD-style property lists and the MacPAD.url file. Let's make this a standard. (Old-style UKUpdateChecker plists are still supported, but you are encouraged to use the new ones.)\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 0.2		2004-01-29\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li1120\fi-1120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		UKFeedbackProvider now doesn't just open a mailto URL, but rather uses NSMailDelivery to send a feedback message.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 0.1.1	2003-11-24\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li1120\fi-1120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		Fixed a bug where the initial dialog looked for its strings in the wrong file. Also changed wording of startup message to conform with Apple's style guidelines.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 0.1		2003-11-24\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li1120\fi-1120\ql\qnatural
\cf0 		First public release.\
}