{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\vieww9780\viewh10440\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\qc

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 UK\cf3 Toolbar\cf2 Factory
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 What is it?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
UKToolbarFactory is a convenience class for when you want to quickly and effortlessly add a simple toolbar to a window in your application.\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 How do I use it?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
You simply instantiate a toolbar factory in your NIB, hook it up to a window, add the images for the toolbar icons to your app and create a property list file (".plist" suffix) that contains the image names, labels and actions for the items.\
\
The header and implementation files contain more detailed instructions for using this class, are pretty decently commented and should give you all the clues you need after reading through the example application's source code.\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 What License is this under?
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
(c) 2003-04 by M. Uli Kusterer, Freeware. You may redistribute, modify, use in commercial products free of charge, however distributing modified copies requires that you clearly mark them as having been modified by you, while maintaining the original markings and copyrights. I don't like getting bug reports about code I wasn't involved in.\
\
I'd also appreciate if you gave credit in your app's about screen or a similar place. A simple "Thanks to M. Uli Kusterer" is quite sufficient. Also, I rarely turn down any postcards, gifts, complementary copies of applications etc.\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 What about the icons?\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
I'm releasing the icons as Freeware. Use them in your applications, whether shareware, freeware or commercial. Royalty-free. Although it is not required, I would appreciate it if you credited me somewhere (about box, "Thanks to:" list, wherever).\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 One restriction
\f1\b0 , though: You may 
\f0\b not
\f1\b0  sell the icons themselves, e.g. in icon collections, clip art or similar, you may not misrepresent them as being your own work, you may not advertise your product with my name, and this is a non-exclusive license.\
\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 Revisions:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
	0.2 -	Added support for selectable items and for simple view-based items.\
	0.1 -	First public release, includes "Uli's Toolbar Icons 2.0".\
\

\f0\b \cf2 Contact Information:
\f1\b0 \cf0 \
You can find the newest version of UKToolbarFactory at\
	http://www.zathras.de/programming/sourcecode.htm\
\
E-Mail:	witness (dot) of (dot) teachtext (at) gmx (dot) net\
\
\
\
\
M. Uli Kusterer, Heidelberg, 2004-01-21}